But she says the app is not a substitute for a trained medical worker . 
But she say the app are not a substitute for a trained medical worker . 
Yet the country is lacking in scientists and engineers . 
Yet the country are lacking in scientists and engineers . 
It has all the appearances of a further gross , deliberate and premeditated violation of the independence and sovereignty of Ukraine . 
It have all the appearances of a further gross , deliberate and premeditated violation of the independence and sovereignty of Ukraine . 
And it says atmospheric satellites could also provide high-resolution aerial images for its Google Earth service . 
And it say atmospheric satellites could also provides high-resolution aerial images for its Google Earth service . 
We've got five different organizations that are a part of the LadyAid organization .  
We's got five different organizations that is a part of the LadyAid organization .  
Agassi Lai used to like playing video games . 
Agassi Lai use to likes playing video games . 
Israel-Palestinian talks have again run into hurdles as the sides cannot agree on several crucial issues , including the release of Palestinian prisoners . 
Israel-Palestinian talks has again run into hurdles as the sides cannot agrees on several crucial issues , including the release of Palestinian prisoners . 
I think we'll continue to see that increase . 
I thinks we'll continues to sees that increase .
It is dictating a constitutional change to a neighboring country . 
It are dictating a constitutional change to a neighboring country . 
During a state visit to Washington he thanked Americans for their support . 
During a state visit to Washington he thank Americans for their support . 
His eyes glued to the screen , soldier Dickson Arineitwe spots something suspicious . 
His eyes glues to the screen , soldier Dickson Arineitwe spot something suspicious . 
I am afraid things are not so simple .
I is afraid things is not so simple .
Anything in art ,  music or literature which is very modern or ahead of its time is called avant-garde  .  
Anything in art ,  music or literature which are very modern or ahead of its time are calls avant-garde  .  
He used to work as an investment banker .  
He use to works as an investment banker .  
I am sure most people don't  want that either . 
I am sure most people doesn't  wants that either . 
Genome research currently is underway for other parasitic diseases , including leishmaniasis , trypanosomiasis and Chagas . 
Genome research currently are underway for other parasitic diseases , including leishmaniasis , trypanosomiasis and Chagas . 
How much I earn are none of your concern .
How much I earns are none of your concern .
In addition , the cost of transporting food has increased by 70 percent . 
In addition , the cost of transporting food have increased by 70 percent . 
I am feeling like a weight is lifted from me . 
I are feels like a weight are lifts from me . 
They are found clogging storm drains . 
They is found clogging storm drains . 
Co-founder JaLynn Prince named it after her 24-year-old autistic son , Madison .  
Co-founder JaLynn Prince name it after her 24-year-old autistic son , Madison .  
And that symbolizes what the ANC has become under Jacob Zuma . 
And that symbolizes what the ANC have becomes under Jacob Zuma . 
This is the reason why our parents always encourage us to read more books .
This are the reason why our parents always encourages us to read more books .
We are Russians ourselves . 
We am Russians ourselves . 
Many French words are used in the arts .  
Many French words is uses in the arts .  
It is a tough question whether he is English or American .
It are a tough question whether he were English or American .
They could come here as well . 
They could comes here as well . 
